---
layout: post
title:  "Keeping a simple blog"
date:   2015-06-22 21:36:00
categories: Ramblings
---

I'm going to use this blog only to log random thoughts and will try to keep at it as often as I can. My website is an outlet for me to learn. It's where I'll post most of my experiments in trying to learn web development. In the same sense, this blog will be an outlet for me to write about the experience. I don't intend it as a way to bring traffic or experiment with marketing. Just a place to vent.

# No sharing, no tracking

For this reason, it's going to be very quick writeups, not intended to be particularly shared. By that, I mean I probably won't engage in promotional tactics such as sharing them on any layout besides my own social accounts (which pretty much means [twitter](http://twitter.com/thibautdavoult)).

For the same reason, I'm not going to track traffic. Just because I read [this post last week](http://www.andjosh.com/2015/02/01/no-analytics-on-my-site/) and thought it made sense.

# Keeping things simple, for once

This is what happens every time I have a project idea. First I have the idea. Then I think more about it. Then I think more. Still thinking and no doing. Then the project becomes too big and requires me to learn 1 year worth of different stuff. Then I give up on it.

The problem is that I want the projects to be perfect even before I start them. I know this is not how things work. Even skilled professionals, companies, startups prioritize finding imperfect solutions today over perfect ones "tomorrow".

It's become a redundant process that I'm happy to get out of. Since I started classes on Codecademy, and then Treehouse, I've created a lot of small websites from scratch, not worrying about their usefulness. I intend to keep making useless sites for a while. I'm having much fun doing so. For once, I started not thinking about crafting the perfect thing from the get go, I'm actually very happy with my pretty horrible sites because I know some time from now I'll come back to them, laugh about how bad they are, and maybe even fix them if I'm so inclined.

# Minimal design, no buttons, just text

I already read tons of blogs that are aimed to drive traffic to their main site. It's part of my job. Many go to great lengths to convert readers. I have nothing to sell and thus I won't add any buttons calling you to do anything. This place is just going to be a minimal site with words. You're free to go anywhere.

The only effort I'll put into this blog is on writing. Sometimes I'll try to change the design. Nothing more. Hope you'll enjoy reading it.
